Fast-follow for dbt Core/Trino setup page (#3188)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/warehouse-setups/trino-setup.md

<p>For further info, refer to the GitHub repository: <a href={`https://github.com/${frontMatter.meta.github_repo}`}>{frontMatter.meta.github_repo}</a></p>

## Connecting to Starburst/Trino

To connect to a data platform with dbt Core, create appropriate _profile_ and _target_ YAML keys/values in the `profiles.yml` configuration file for your Starburst/Trino clusters. This dbt YAML file lives in the  `.dbt/` directory of your user/home directory. For more information, refer to [Connection profiles](/docs/core/connection-profiles) and [profiles.yml](/reference/profiles.yml). 

The parameters for setting up a connection are for Starburst Enterprise, Starburst Galaxy, and Trino clusters. Unless specified, "cluster" will mean any of these products' clusters.

### Host parameters

> The following profile fields are all required except for `user`, which is required unless you're using the `oauth`, `cert`, or `jwt` authentication methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following profile fields are all always required except for `user`, which is also required unless you're using the `oauth`, `cert`, or `jwt` authentication methods.
```

Author: like your sugg! gonna remove the "all"

> The following profile fields are all required except for `user`, which is required unless you're using the `oauth`, `cert`, or `jwt` authentication methods.

Author: ```suggestion
The following profile fields are always required except for `user`, which is also required unless you're using the `oauth`, `cert`, or `jwt` authentication methods.
```

| `database` | `my_postgres_catalog`                                                                                                                                           | The name of a catalog in your cluster.<br/><br/>The provided username must have read/write access to this catalog.<br/><br/>The selection you make doesn't limit the data you can access through dbt to the specified catalog in Starburst/Trino. By default, dbt models will be created and/or materialized within this catalog.                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> |  `schema`  | `my_schema`                                                                                                                                                     | The name of a schema within your cluster's catalog.<br/><br/>The provided username must have read/write access to this schema.<br/><br/>The selection you make doesn't limit the data you can access through dbt to the specified schema in Starburst/Trino. By default, dbt models will be created and/or materialized within this catalog.<br/><br/>It's _not recommended_ to use schema names that have upper case or mixed case letters.                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: Because the below is mentioned for both `catalog` and `schema`, do you think it'd make sense to pull it out and mention it before the table?

> The selection you make doesn't limit the data you can access through dbt to the specified schema in Starburst/Trino. By default, dbt models will be created and/or materialized within this catalog.

Reviewer: I'm also now interested to know if this content aligns with the "Connect to Starburst" page we made with a similar table

Author: good call! made snippets for the pulled out sections; the section headings were at diff levels (H3 vs H2) so accommodated that too.

## Connecting to Starburst/Trino

To connect to a data platform with dbt Core, create appropriate _profile_ and _target_ YAML keys/values in the `profiles.yml` configuration file for your Starburst/Trino clusters. This dbt YAML file lives in the  `.dbt/` directory of your user/home directory. For more information, refer to [Connection profiles](/docs/core/connection-profiles) and [profiles.yml](/reference/profiles.yml). 

The parameters for setting up a connection are for Starburst Enterprise, Starburst Galaxy, and Trino clusters. Unless specified, "cluster" will mean any of these products' clusters.

## Host parameters

The following profile fields are always required except for `user`, which is also required unless you're using the `oauth`, `cert`, or `jwt` authentication methods.

| Field     | Example | Description |
| --------- | ------- | ----------- |
|   `host`   | `mycluster.mydomain.com` | The hostname of your cluster.<br/><br/>Don't include the `http://` or `https://` prefix.  |
| `database` | `my_postgres_catalog` | The name of a catalog in your cluster. |

> |  `schema`  | `my_schema`  | The name of a schema within your cluster's catalog. <br/><br/>It's _not recommended_ to use schema names that have upper case or mixed case letters.  |

Author: @dataders : quick question, why is upper/mixed case letters not recommended? do people encounter problems if they do?

Reviewer: [internal slack thread](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C05098UUSP5/p1681828699364189)

| `krb5_config`                               | `/tmp/krb5.conf`    | Path to config                                                   |
| `principal`                                 | `trino@EXAMPLE.COM` | Principal                                                        |
| `service_name` (optional)                   | `abc123`            | Service name (default is `trino`)                               |
| `hostname_override` (optional)              | `EXAMPLE.COM`       | Kerberos hostname for a host whose DNS name doesn't match        |
| `mutual_authentication` (optional)          | `false`             | Boolean flag for mutual authentication                           |
| `force_preemptive` (optional)               | `false`             | Boolean flag to preemptively initiate the Kerberos GSS exchange |
| `sanitize_mutual_error_response` (optional) | `true`              | Boolean flag to strip content and headers from error responses   |
| `delegate`  (optional)                      | `false`             | Boolean flag for credential delegation (`GSS_C_DELEG_FLAG`)       |

<br/>

> #### Example profiles.yml for Kerberos

Reviewer: non-blocking nit: is this a style choice to not do code formatting within headers?

Author: yah, it's a style guide thing. having multiple "font decorations" can be distracting since the heading is by default bolded

<TabItem value="oauth">

> The only authentication parameter to set for OAuth 2 is `method: oauth`. 

Reviewer: Can we add a note that users must first enable OAUth within Starburst before being able to use this method?
https://github.com/starburstdata/dbt-trino/issues/275#issuecomment-1489851729
